Hello everybody!

Fast food is come from Ancient Roman. At that time, many people didn’t have enough money to buy or rent a house with a kitchen. So many people could only buy food from street vendors. At the same time, there were some pilgrims to Rome to buy fast food, too. That’s the first kind of fast food. And now, fast food has become popular all over the world.

Fast food is tasty, but there are some criticisms of fast food. Lots of fast food are rich in calories as they include considerable amounts of mayonnaise, cheese, salt, fried meat, and oil, thus containing high fat content. Excessive consumption of fatty ingredients such as these results in unbalanced diet. Children who eat fast food tend to eat less fiber, milk, fruits, and non-starchy vegetables. And even adults, like the school’s foreign teacher, Daniel. He likes to eat fast food and snacks. He usually buys snacks after class. Have you seen him? He is very fat and looked very old. But he is only in his 20s. I took his class while I was still in the class GUHONGMING. He hardly ever came upstairs. Because he was too fat to hold his weight. So we always have his class on the first floor. But don’t worry, it happens that some other foods are healthy and good for us, which is also the content of our next section - healthy food.

There are also some other food besides fast food, like vegetables and fruits. We can call then as healthy foods. They can help our body in many ways. First of all, there are many vitamins in them, such as vitamin C, which is very important for the human’s body. In the past, crews on the boat caught on a disease called scurvy. Then they found out a way to cure the disease: eat fruits and vegetables which are rich in vitamin C. So now we can see that healthy food such as fruits and vegetables are very important and good for our human’s body.

Besides, there are some foods that are healthy and have many proteins, such as meat. Proteins play a major role in ensuring your overall well-being. Meanwhile, it is one of the most important components of every cell presenting in the body. In our daily life, we mainly eat vegetables and meat. With the improvement of people's living standards, people's interest in meat is getting lower and lower. Many people eat vegetables and fruits as their staple food, and female friends stop eating meat in order to keep fit. But people do not eat meat will lead to inadequate protein intake, will lead to physical weakness, decreased resistance, fatigue, cold, lack of energy, memory loss, low quality of life, affect work and study. So now we can see the importance of healthy food. Let’s eat more healthy food and eat less fast food! Don’t forget that healthy food is good for your body and fast food is not.
